# Imported Text IMG_0075


MASTERING BEHAVIORAL INTERVIEWS: THE GUI...
By listing accomplishments or steps succinctly in a be-
havioral interview, you can harness the Halo Effect. Com-
municating a breadth of achievements fosters the im-
pression that you're highly capable, which can positively
influence the interviewer's perception of your overall
competence and communication.
The Halo Effect in a TMAY
A common place you can employ the Halo Effect is in the
Tell Me About Yourself (TMAY) [→1. Here's the beginning
of a TMAY we can work to improve:
X In my last role, I led the implementation of a design sys-
tem that reduced UI development time by 30% and ensured
consistency across the product.
Before that, I worked on a customer feedback platform
where I integrated a machine-learning model into the fron-
tend to provide real-time insights.
[18]
I also improved the CI/CD pipeline by identifying a set
of needed tests after talking with the senior engineers and
stakeholders from different departments. I also developed
front-end features, like search filters, ads management fea-
tures, an upsell for new customers. And I refactored and
improved backend APIs, helping us move from a monolith to
microservices in our NodeJS codebase. Oh and I collaborated
with PM, design, and the CEO to identify new requirements
for a series of holiday sales over the Black Friday weekend...
This is simply too detailed. It's good that you're open-
ing with the two big projects with solid business impact,
24 mins left in chapter
69%
