# Imported Text IMG_5830

@PageImage(purpose: card, source: "behavioral-import-embedded-text-img_5830-card.codex", alt: "Placeholder card")
@Image(source: "behavioral-import-embedded-text-img_5830-hero.codex", alt: "Placeholder hero")
@PageImage(purpose: icon, source: "behavioral-import-embedded-text-img_5830-icon.codex", alt: "Placeholder icon")

5:20
61
appcoda.com
Building your documentation is a breeze with Xcode's
built-in capabilities. To do so, simply navigate to the
Xcode menu and select Product > Build
Documentation. Xcode will then convert your
Markdown-based comments into a beautifully
lesigned documentation that looks similar to the
fficial Apple API documentation.
a searen documental
A SlothCreatorBuildingDocCDocumentationinXcode) SlothCreato
workspace Documentation
viA SlothCreatorRuildinaDocCDol
Framework
SlothCreator
Catalog sloths you find in nature and create new adorable virtual sloths.
• > Meet SlothCreator
9) Getting Started with Slot...
> © Sloth
Sloth Creation
> P SlothGenerator
7 Pr NameGenerato
75 Habital
Care and reeding
> P Activity
› CareSchedule
> Pr FoodGeneratol
> B Sloth.Food
Sloth Views
> B SlothView
> S. HabitatView
> S PowerPicker
va Motionba
Tabbar Views
> S BouncyTabBa
7S Curvelabbat
›S DotTahRa
Overview
SlothCreator provides models and utilities for creating, tracking, and caring for sloths. The
framework provides structures to model an individual Sloth, and identify them by kev
characteristics, including their name and special supernatural power. You can create your own
custom sioins using as loungenerator. and name Inem usina a namebenerator
Sloths need careful feeding and maintenance to ensure their health and happiness. You
maintain their energylevel by providing the correct Sloth. Food and a suitable Habitat
You can exercise your sloth by providing a fun or restful Activity.
You can visualize and observe your sloths by adding a SlothView to a SwiftUl view structure.
If you're looking to export your documentation as a
doc archive, simply click the ... button located next
to SlothCreator and select Export. This will allow you to
V
se your desired location and save the exported
7-Point Massage
Executive Office Chair
7 point
Huge savings on
office supplies at
TEMU's big sale
Temu
Shop Now
